Produkcija: Vox digital
Testing of Djuro Scuba 1st
stage regulator
I've told you once.
No you haven't.
Yes I have.
When?
Just now.
No you didn't.
Yes I did.
You didn't
I did!
You didn't!
I'm telling you I did!
You did not!!
Oh, I'm sorry, Is this the
five minute argument
or the full half hour?
Oh, just the five minutes.
- Ah, thank you. Anyway, I did
- You most certainly did not
Now let's get something quite clear
I most definitely told you
- You did not
- Yes I did
- Didn't
- Look, this isn't an argument
- Yes it is
- No it isn't. It's just contradiction
- No it isn't
- Yes it is!
- It is not
- It is, you just contradicted me
- No, I didn't
- Oh you did!!
- No, no, no, no, no, no
- You did just then
- No, no, nonsense!
- Oh, this is futile!
- No it isn't
I came here for a good argument
No you didn't, you came
here for an argument
Well, an argument is not the
same as contradiction
It can be
No it can't
An argument is a connected
series of statements
to establish a
definite proposition
- No it isn't
- Yes it is! It isn't just contradiction
Look, if I argue with you,
I must take up a contrary position
But it isn't just saying
'No it isn't.'
- Yes it is!
- No it isn't!
Argument is an intellectual process
Contradiction is just the automatic
gainsaying of anything
the other person says
- No it isn't
- Yes it is
- Not at all
- Now look...
Thank you
Good Morning
What?
That's it. Good morning
- I was just getting interested
- Sorry, the five minutes is up
That was never five minutes
just now
I'm afraid it was
No, it wasn't
Sorry, I'm not allowed to
argue anymore
What?!
If you want me to go on arguing,
you'll have to pay
for another five minutes
But that was never
five minutes, just now
Oh come on!
This is ridiculous
I'm very sorry, but I told you
I'm not allowed to argue
unless you've paid!
Oh, all right
- There you are
- Thank you
- Well?
- Well what?
That wasn't never five
minutes, just now
I told you, I'm not allowed
to argue unless you've paid
I just paid!
- No you didn't
- I did! - You didn't
- I did!
-  You didn't
- You most certainly did not
Look, I don't want to
argue about that
Well, I'm very sorry,
but you didn't pay
Aha. Well, if I didn't pay,
why are you arguing?
- Got you!
- No you haven't
Yes I have
If you're arguing,
I must have paid
Not necessarily. I could be
arguing in my spare time
Oh I've had enough of this
- No you haven't
- Oh Shut up